Add script to generate Supported Networks pages from safe-deployments repo as a github action (#278)
safe-global/safe-docs: supported-networks/v1.1.1.md

# v1.1.1

This page references the addresses of all the Safe\{Core\} Protocol contracts deployed on all supported networks for v1.1.1.

## Networks

### Ethereum Mainnet

This networks's Chain Id is 1.

- `create_and_add_modules.sol`: 0xF61A721642B0c0C8b334bA3763BA1326F53798C0
- `create_call.sol`: 0x8538fcbccba7f5303d2c679fa5d7a629a8c9bf4a
- `default_callback_handler.sol`: 0xd5D82B6aDDc9027B22dCA772Aa68D5d74cdBdF44
- `gnosis_safe.sol`: 0x34CfAC646f301356fAa8B21e94227e3583Fe3F5F
- `multi_send.sol`: 0x8D29bE29923b68abfDD21e541b9374737B49cdAD
- `proxy_factory.sol`: 0x76E2cFc1F5Fa8F6a5b3fC4c8F4788F0116861F9B

> ### Rinkeby

Reviewer: Could you add this term to the allowlist for Vale?

# v1.1.1

> This page references the addresses of all the Safe\{Core\} Protocol contracts deployed on all supported networks for v1.1.1.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page lists the addresses of all the Safe contracts `v1.1.1` grouped by chain.
```
